The Poorman's Sega 32x BIOS files
	By Devster (Joseph Norman)
		http://devster.retrodev.com/


About
-----
Say now, these are freeware "bios" files that work almost like the ones Sega
has put into the hardware of the 32x. whatcha can do with these files is play
your favorite 32x games without having to download the illegal copyright
versions of the "bios" files and get caught by the fbi and go to jail for a tiny
misdemeanor.

	There are 3 binary files provided:
		BIOS32Xg.bin	-	"BIOS" for the Sega Genesis CPU
		BIOS32Xm.bin	-	"BIOS" for the Master SH2 CPU
		BIOS32Xs.bin	-	"BIOS" for the SLave SH2 CPU

	And also there are 3 text files included, excluding the one you are reading now:
		BIOS32Xg.68k	-	"BIOS" source code for the Sega Genesis CPU
		BIOS32Xm.sh2	-	"BIOS" source code for the Master SH2 CPU
		BIOS32Xs.sh2	-	"BIOS" source code for the SLave SH2 CPU

How to use
----------
To use these files, I assume you have a sega genesis emulator that will emulate
the 32x adapter, and also you should also have images of the cartridges you own
dumped on your computer, for use in the emulator. If you don't have any of the
above, then go find some. To use these "bios" files your handy dandy emulator,
go into your options, or configuration, or BIOS file menu, find the tab/frame
that specifies where the files are for your bios's, and then put BIOS32Xg.bin
under the sega genesis bios, BIOS32Xm.bin under the master sh2 bios, and
BIOS32Xs.bin in the slave sh2 bios after having so extracted these bios files
into any directory of your choice.

Exclaimer
---------
; Feel free to use this code, recompile the code, redistribute the unmodified code,
; modify it with your own name on it and redistribute it as yours if you
; so wish to do so without getting caught looking stupid, but you may not sell it for
; cash monies, or for in exchange of hot prostitutes, nor include it with any other
; redistributable software packages without consent from DevSter. This code is IS AS,
; which is latin for jibber jabber, to DevSter and the holder of this code, means
; there are no other further attatchments, absolutely no guarantees in it "working",
; comes with no lifetime waranty, et al, and you will gain nothing more than to play
; your super cool Sega Genesis 32X (names reserved to their rightful owners) without
; having to resort to using the actual copyrighted bios files. Let it further be noted
; that the use of the word "code" in this exclaimer refers to both the source code, and
; the pre-compiled code that was distributed.

Source Code
-----------
Source code for the bios files I made are provided to you at free of charge. I
used SNASM68K for compiling the small sega genesis "bios", and SNASMSH2 to compile
the master and slave sh2 "bios" sources.

What are the differences between the actual bios files and the ones you've made?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
As you can see, the genesis "bios" functions exactly the same as the original. The
salve SH2 cpu functions like the original too, however, i've taken a lot out of
the Master SH2 "bios" that, in the begining, Sega has required. This includes
the SDRAM memory check, and the security code check. The master SH2 cpu will
function exactly the same as the original. The differences in source codes
from the original are that I've added some other quirks, and recoded some of the
original.
