Description of git tags for Gens/GS II:

gens-credits-v0: Initial "Credits" tab in the About dilaog. This tab lists
all the contributors for Gens/GS and Gens/GS II, plus the original Gens
author and the authors and contributors of the previous Gens multiplatform
ports, e.g. Gens/BeOS and Gens/Linux.

gens-qt4-open-close-title: gens-qt4 now supports opening and closing ROMs
using the appropriate entries in the File menu. It also sets the window
title to the ROM's internal name when a ROM is running.

libgens-EEPRom-v0: Initial EEPROM support. (The class is named EEPRom for
consistency with other memory management classes in Gens/GS II.) Most of the
code was ported from Genesis Plus GX. A lot of work then went into refactoring
everything so that SRAM and EEPROM could co-exist, with EEPROM taking priority
over SRAM if the loaded ROM image matches an entry in the EEPROM database.

Genesis Plus GX EEPROM source:
http://code.google.com/p/genplus-gx/source/browse/trunk/source/cart_hw/eeprom.c

libgens-controllers-v2:

- Initial Controller Configuration dialog, which currently shows the type
  of controller connected to Port 1 at the time that the dialog was opened.

- Support for L/R modifier keys (e.g. Left Alt vs. Right Alt) on X11 and
  Win32. (Mac OS X doesn't seem to expose the required functionality.)

- The 6-button TH counter now only increments on a TH rising edge, which
  improves reliability. Additionally, the TH counter is now reset after
  25 scanlines have elapsed without a TH rising edge.

- Mega Mouse doesn't check for TR transitions if it's waiting for a TH
  falling edge.

- New IoBase::reset() function to reset the controller ports on system startup.

libgens-controllers-v1: Support for 2-button (SMS/GG) controllers
on Port 1. Added a function to properly apply the effects of the
tristate buffer to the result of the readData() functions for each
controller class.

libgens-controllers-v0: Support for NULL, 3-button, and 6-button
controllers on Port 1. A framework for devices on Port 2 and Port E
(EXT) is implemented.

libgens-initial-M68K: Initial working M68K CPU core. It can run games!

libgens-big-endian-v0: Fixed all big-endian problems in libgens related
to code that's currently in use. This includes VDP and Effects. The CPU
emulatoin cores were not enabled during testing, since they're currently
x86 only.

libgens-LOG_MSG: Ported (and updated) the LOG_MSG() subsystem from
the original Gens/GS to Gens/GS II.

gens-qt4-QGLWidget-Win32: Updated the QGLWidget implementation to work
correctly on Win32. This includes adding 32-bit color texture support,
which is needed on my VM since Microsoft's OpenGL implementation only
supports OpenGL 1.1, and 15-bit/16-bit color textures were added in
OpenGL 1.2 or 1.3.

gens-qt4-QGLWidget: Initial reworking of Gens/GS II to use QGLWidget
in gens-qt4 instead of SDL Video in LibGens.

libgens-vdp-loadFromZomg: Initial test of the VDP subsystem. A static
image is loaded from a prototype ZOMG savestate file and displayed
onscreen.

libgens-initial-vdp: Initial port of Gens/GS r7+'s VDP code into Gens/GS II.

gens-qt4-menubar-refactoring: Refactoring of the gens-qt4 menu bar system.

gens-qt4-initial-ui: Initial Qt4 UI for Gens/GS II.
